Preparation: CUT TSTE
CUT TSTE Vanilla
TSTE Vanilla Bean
Vanilla Bean -
Bean - Madagascar
- Madagascar -
Madagascar - Madagascar
- Madagascar in
Madagascar in half.
in half. Scrape
half. Scrape the
Scrape the seeds
the seeds out
seeds out and
out and set
and set them
set them aside.
them aside. PULSE
aside. PULSE flour,
PULSE flour, powdered
flour, powdered sugar,
powdered sugar, and
sugar, and TSTE
and TSTE Hazelnut
TSTE Hazelnut Cookie
Hazelnut Cookie Tea
Cookie Tea in
Tea in a
in a food
a food processor
food processor until
processor until the
until the tea
the tea becomes
tea becomes a
becomes a fine
a fine powder.
fine powder. ADD
powder. ADD the
ADD the seeds
the seeds from
seeds from the
from the vanilla
the vanilla bean,
vanilla bean, TSTE
bean, TSTE Himalayan
TSTE Himalayan Fine
Himalayan Fine Mineral
Fine Mineral Salt,
Mineral Salt, and
Salt, and butter.
and butter. Continue
butter. Continue pulsing
Continue pulsing until
pulsing until dough
until dough is
dough is completely
is completely mixed
completely mixed and
mixed and then
and then remove
then remove the
remove the dough
the dough from
dough from the
from the mixer.
the mixer. Knead
mixer. Knead dough
Knead dough by
dough by hand
by hand until
hand until a
until a ball
a ball is
ball is formed.
is formed. PLACE
formed. PLACE dough
PLACE dough on
dough on a
on a piece
a piece of
piece of plastic
of plastic wrap.
plastic wrap. Roll
wrap. Roll it
Roll it into
it into a
into a log
a log (about
log (about 2
(about 2 inches
2 inches in
inches in diameter).
in diameter). Twist
diameter). Twist ends
Twist ends tightly
ends tightly and
tightly and refrigerate
and refrigerate for
refrigerate for half
for half an
half an hour.
an hour. PREHEAT
hour. PREHEAT oven
PREHEAT oven to
oven to 350°F.
to 350°F. REMOVE
350°F. REMOVE the
REMOVE the plastic
the plastic wrap
plastic wrap and
wrap and slice
and slice the
slice the roll
the roll into
roll into 1/4
into 1/4 inch
1/4 inch cookies.
inch cookies. Place
cookies. Place cookies
Place cookies on
cookies on a
on a greased
a greased baking
greased baking sheet
baking sheet and
sheet and bake
and bake for
bake for 10-12
for 10-12 mins.
10-12 mins. Allow
mins. Allow to
Allow to cool.
to cool. DIP
cool. DIP half
DIP half in
half in TSTE
in TSTE Chocolate
TSTE Chocolate Cream
Chocolate Cream Fondue
Cream Fondue (or
Fondue (or chocolate)
(or chocolate) and
chocolate) and sprinkle
and sprinkle with
sprinkle with TSTE
with TSTE Vanilla
TSTE Vanilla Turbinado
Vanilla Turbinado Sugar
Turbinado Sugar if
Sugar if desired.
