Alexanderâ€™s writing style
writing style is
style is clear
is clear and
clear and crisp.
and crisp. His
crisp. His characters
His characters are
characters are finely-drawn
are finely-drawn and
finely-drawn and complex
and complex enough
complex enough to
enough to keep
to keep the
keep the readerâ€™s
the readerâ€™s attention.
readerâ€™s attention. I
attention. I loved
I loved the
loved the mystery
the mystery and
mystery and dis-illuminate
and dis-illuminate story
dis-illuminate story lines,
story lines, which
lines, which criss-crossed
which criss-crossed and
criss-crossed and finally
and finally converged
finally converged in
converged in a
in a disturbing
a disturbing ending.
disturbing ending. â€œVisions
ending. â€œVisions of
â€œVisions of a
of a Rejectâ€?
a Rejectâ€? might
Rejectâ€? might feed
might feed your
feed your fears
your fears that
fears that the
that the world
the world isnâ€™t
world isnâ€™t really
isnâ€™t really getting
really getting better,
getting better, and
better, and it
and it might
it might persuade
might persuade you
persuade you to
you to finally
to finally escape
finally escape from
escape from your
from your sad
your sad white
sad white cubicle.
white cubicle. Or
cubicle. Or it
Or it might
it might simply
might simply tell
simply tell you
tell you what
you what you
what you already
you already knew,
already knew, deep
knew, deep down.
deep down. That
down. That the
That the world
the world as
world as we
as we know
we know it,
know it, isnâ€™t
it, isnâ€™t really
isnâ€™t really as
really as we
as we know
we know it.
