Luckily Internet heroes
Internet heroes BooYa
heroes BooYa Pictures
BooYa Pictures have
Pictures have taken
have taken it
taken it upon
it upon themselves
upon themselves to
themselves to improve
to improve the
improve the original
the original Fifty
original Fifty Shades
Fifty Shades movie
Shades movie trailer
movie trailer by
trailer by replacing
by replacing Dornan
replacing Dornan with
Dornan with the
with the Boardwalk
the Boardwalk Empire
Boardwalk Empire star.
Empire star. In
star. In the
In the vastly
the vastly superior
vastly superior clip,
superior clip, perky
clip, perky college
perky college grad
college grad Anastasia
grad Anastasia Steele
Anastasia Steele (Dakota
Steele (Dakota Johnson)
(Dakota Johnson) comes
Johnson) comes to
comes to interview
to interview the
interview the CEO
the CEO of
CEO of Grey
of Grey Enterprises
Grey Enterprises and
Enterprises and can’t
and can’t help
can’t help but
help but fall
but fall in
fall in lust
in lust with
lust with the
with the man
the man behind
man behind the
behind the desk,
the desk, who
desk, who now
who now played
now played by
played by Buscemi.
by Buscemi. Can
Buscemi. Can you
Can you blame
you blame her?
business man with
man with singular
with singular tastes
singular tastes is,
tastes is, of
is, of course,
of course, Steve
course, Steve Buscemi.
