If the Kochs
the Kochs hit
Kochs hit their
hit their $889
their $889 million
$889 million target,
million target, they
target, they will
they will essentially
will essentially function
essentially function as
function as a
as a third
a third party
third party in
party in US
in US politics,
US politics, and
politics, and they
and they can
they can expect
can expect far
expect far greater
far greater scrutiny
greater scrutiny and
scrutiny and criticism
and criticism as
criticism as their
as their operation
their operation continues
operation continues to
continues to grow.
to grow. But
grow. But those
But those close
those close to
close to the
to the brothers
the brothers and
brothers and their
and their network
their network do
network do not
do not expect
not expect them
expect them to
them to be
to be spooked
be spooked by
spooked by even
by even more
even more attention.
more attention. "If
attention. "If you're
"If you're going
you're going to
going to play
to play in
play in this
in this arena,
this arena, you
arena, you don't
you don't play
don't play only
play only when
only when it's
when it's lukewarm,
it's lukewarm, you
lukewarm, you play
you play when
play when it
when it gets
it gets hot,
gets hot, too,
hot, too, and
too, and it's
and it's gotten
it's gotten hot,"
gotten hot," Nestor
hot," Nestor Weigand,
Nestor Weigand, a
Weigand, a friend
a friend of
friend of Charles
of Charles Koch
Charles Koch and
Koch and Freedom
and Freedom Partners
Freedom Partners board
Partners board member,
board member, told
member, told Mother
told Mother Jones
Mother Jones editor
Jones editor and
editor and Koch
and Koch biographer
Koch biographer Daniel
biographer Daniel Schulman.
Daniel Schulman. "They're
Schulman. "They're still
"They're still playing."
