While the region's
the region's influence
region's influence on
influence on mainstream
on mainstream hip-hop
mainstream hip-hop has
hip-hop has gone
has gone overlooked
gone overlooked for
overlooked for decades,
for decades, a
decades, a new
a new generation
new generation of
generation of break-out
of break-out artists
break-out artists are
artists are reclaiming
are reclaiming their
reclaiming their musical
their musical heritage
musical heritage and
heritage and drawing
and drawing national
drawing national attention
national attention back
attention back to
back to the
to the area.
son was paid
was paid a
paid a salary
a salary of
salary of $1.38
of $1.38 million
$1.38 million in
million in 2014,
in 2014, and
2014, and awarded
and awarded stock
awarded stock options
stock options and
options and bonuses
and bonuses bringing
bonuses bringing his
bringing his total
his total compensation
total compensation to
compensation to $16.7
to $16.7 million,
$16.7 million, or,
million, or, an
or, an equivalent
an equivalent wage
equivalent wage of
wage of $8,028
of $8,028 an
$8,028 an hour.
