PwC/LoS Overview:
Overview: Are
Are you
you interested
interested in
in the
the opportunity
opportunity to
to work
work for
for an
an industry-leading
industry-leading firm
firm that
that services
services clients
clients that
that include
include the
the Fortune
Fortune 500,
500, and
and will
will give
give you
you the
the experience
experience and
and exposure
exposure you
you need
need to
to build
build your
your career
career and
and personal
personal brand?
brand? If
If you
you are,
are, then
then PwC
PwC US
US (PricewaterhouseCoopers
(PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
LLP and
and its
its subsidiaries)
subsidiaries) may
may be
be the
the firm
firm for
for you.
you. We're
We're a
a member
member of
of the
the PwC
PwC network
network of
of firms
firms located
located in
in 157
157 countries
countries with
with more
more than
than 184,000
184,000 people
people who
who are
are committed
committed to
to delivering
delivering quality
quality in
in assurance,
assurance, tax
tax and
and advisory
advisory services.
services. PwC
PwC US
US helps
helps organizations
organizations and
and individuals
individuals create
create the
the value
value for
for which
which they
they are
are looking.
looking. Our
Our professionals
professionals are
are at
at the
the heart
heart of
of our
our business
business strategy
strategy and
and success
success by
by bringing
bringing personal
personal and
and professional
professional experiences;
experiences; we
we understand
understand that
that our
our business
business is
is impacted
impacted by
by a
a person's
person's personal
personal and
and professional
professional lives.
lives. PwC
PwC US
US recruits
recruits top
top talent
talent with
with traditional
traditional and
and nontraditional
nontraditional backgrounds,
backgrounds, with
with a
a focus
focus on
on diversity
diversity and
and inclusion,
inclusion, so
so that
that we
we continue
continue to
to build
build PwC
PwC US
US as
as a
a great
great place
place to
to work.
work. Our
Our people
people are
are armed
armed with
with the
the tools-including
tools-including enriching
enriching professional
professional experiences,
experiences, everyday
everyday coaching,
coaching, timely
timely and
and productive
productive feedback,
feedback, and
and high-quality
high-quality learning
learning and
and development
development opportunities-to
opportunities-to deliver
deliver each
each day.
day. We
We are
are committed
committed to
to building
building lasting
lasting relationships
relationships and
and delivering
delivering value
value to
to our
our clients.
clients. Learn
Learn more
more about
about us
us at
at www.pwc.com/us
www.pwc.com/us From
From strategy
strategy through
through execution,
execution, PwC
PwC Advisory
Advisory helps
helps clients
clients build
build their
their next
next competitive
competitive advantage.
advantage. As
As the
the world's
world's second
second largest
largest global
global consulting
consulting provider,
provider, we
we combine
combine the
the breadth
breadth of
of knowledge
knowledge of
of over
over 35,000
35,000 global
global professionals
professionals with
with deep
deep industry
industry knowledge
knowledge to
to deliver
deliver custom
custom solutions
solutions for
for our
our clients.
clients. A
A long
long history
history of
of working
working with
with many
many of
of the
the world's
world's largest
largest and
and most
most complex
complex companies
companies means
means we
we really
really understand
understand the
the unique
unique business
business challenges
challenges our
our clients
clients face
face better
better than
than most
most consultancies.
consultancies. Job
Job Description:
Description: The
The Financial
Financial Services
Services industry
industry is
is operating
operating in
in a
a challenging
challenging environment
environment due
due to
to global
global economic
economic pressure,
pressure, increasing
increasing regulatory
regulatory demands
demands and
and capital
capital requirements
requirements as
as well
well as
as significant
significant operational
operational and
and technology
technology changes.
changes. Our
Our growing
growing Financial
Financial Services
Services Advisory
Advisory practice
practice provides
provides management,
management, technology
technology and
and risk
risk consulting
consulting services
services to
to help
help major
major financial
financial institutions
institutions around
around the
the world
world respond
respond to
to their
their most
most complex
complex business
business challenges.
challenges. The
The Financial
Financial Services
Services Advisory
Advisory practice
practice is
is composed
composed of
of three
three industry
industry sectors:
sectors: Asset
Asset Management,
Management, Banking
Banking &
& Capital
Capital Markets
Markets and
and Insurance.
Insurance. The
The Business
Business Applications
Applications team
team helps
helps PwC
PwC clients
clients with
with technical
technical solutions
solutions used
used across
across finance,
finance, operations,
operations, human
human capital
capital and
and customer,
customer, and
and is
is leveraged
leveraged to
to advise
advise on
on industry-specific
industry-specific business
business applications.
applications. PwC's
PwC's GRC
GRC Consultants
Consultants area
area team
team of
of business
business integrators
integrators with
with extensive
extensive consulting
consulting and
and industry
industry experience
experience who
who help
help our
our clients
clients solve
solve their
their complex
complex business
business issues
issues from
from strategy
strategy through
through execution.
execution. A
A PwC
PwC consulting
consulting career
career may
may provide
provide the
the opportunity
opportunity to
to grow
grow and
and contribute
contribute in
in our
our Business
Business Apps
Apps (GRC)
(GRC) competency
competency that
that we
we apply
apply to
to our
our clients'
clients' business
business issues
issues every
every day,
day, including
including GRC
GRC strategy
strategy and
and governance,
governance, Enterprise
Enterprise risk,
risk, Regulatory
Regulatory compliance,
compliance, GRC
GRC technologies,
technologies, and
and regulatory
regulatory inquiries/remediation
inquiries/remediation response.
response. Governance,
Governance, Risk
Risk and
and Compliance
Compliance works
works with
with the
the areas
areas of
of Enterprise
Enterprise GRC
GRC Program
Program Development
Development and
and Strategy,
Strategy, Information
Information Lifecycle
Lifecycle Compliance
Compliance Management,
Management, GRC
GRC analytics
analytics and
and Financial
Financial Services
Services internal
internal and
and external
external reporting.
reporting. At
At PwC,
PwC, our
our team
team members
members have
have subject
subject matter
matter expertise
expertise with
with numerous
numerous regulatory
regulatory laws
laws and
and regulations
regulations including
including but
but not
not limited
limited to
to AML/BSA,
AML/BSA, DODD-FRANK,
DODD-FRANK, VOLCKER,
VOLCKER, FATCA,
FATCA, PCI,
PCI, SOX,
SOX, GLBA
GLBA Reg
Reg P,
P, EU
EU Data
Data Privacy
Privacy Directive,
Directive, FCPA
FCPA and
and others.
others. Our
Our team
team assists
assists clients
clients in
in the
the development
development and
and automation
automation of
of enterprise
enterprise GRC
GRC programs,
programs, including
including policy
policy automation,
automation, e-Workpapers,
e-Workpapers, Independent
Independent testing,
testing, supporting
supporting technology
technology deployments,
deployments, and
and conducting
conducting enterprise
enterprise risk
risk assessments,
assessments, development
development of
of management
management risk
risk and
and compliance
compliance dashboard,
dashboard, and
and incorporating
incorporating GRC
GRC by
by design
design principals
principals into
into product
product and
and services
services development
development in
in a
a complex
complex global
global environment.
environment. Position/Program
Position/Program Requirements:
Requirements: Minimum
Minimum Years
Years of
of Experience:
Experience: 4
4 years
years of
of experience
experience in
in Risk
Risk Management,
Management, Compliance,
Compliance, Security,
Security, and/or
and/or Internal
Internal Audit
Audit Minimum
Minimum Degree
Degree Required:
Required: Bachelor's
Bachelor's degree
degree in
in Computer
Computer Science
Science or
or business
business related
related field
field Certification(s)
Certification(s) Preferred:
Preferred: Archer,
Archer, Metricstream
Metricstream or
or BWise
BWise GRC
GRC certification
certification Knowledge
Knowledge Preferred:
Preferred: Demonstrates
Demonstrates a
a proven
proven record
record of
of success
success utilizing
utilizing thorough
thorough knowledge
knowledge and
and some
some exposure
exposure to
to the
the common
common risk
risk management
management issues
issues facing
facing clients
clients who
who provide
provide products
products and
and services
services in
in Financial
Financial Services.
Services. Demonstrates
Demonstrates a
a proven
proven record
record of
of success
success utilizing
utilizing thorough
thorough Operational
Operational Risk
Risk and
and ERM
ERM knowledge
knowledge to
to assist
assist businesses
businesses with
with the
the assessment
assessment and
and improvement
improvement of
of their
their risk
risk management
management processes
processes and
and program.
program. Demonstrates
Demonstrates a
a proven
proven record
record of
of success
success utilizing
utilizing thorough
thorough regulatory
regulatory compliance
compliance knowledge
knowledge to
to assist
assist businesses
businesses with
with understanding
understanding regulatory
regulatory compliance
compliance requirements
requirements and
and developing
developing solutions
solutions to
to meet
meet these
these requirements.
requirements. Demonstrates
Demonstrates thorough
thorough knowledge
knowledge of
of strategy,
strategy, operations
operations and
and management
management in
in a
a number
number of
of functional
functional areas
areas of
of a
a corporation
corporation in
in order
order to
to have
have a
a broad
broad understanding
understanding of
of risk
risk and
and compliance
compliance management.
management. Skills
Skills Preferred:
Preferred: Demonstrates
Demonstrates thorough
thorough abilities
abilities to
to utilize
utilize industry
industry standards
standards and
and best
best practices
practices to
to assess,
assess, advise,
advise, design,
design, and/or
and/or recommend
recommend complex,
complex, enterprise-wide,
enterprise-wide, regulatory
regulatory compliance,
compliance, risk
risk management,
management, and/or
and/or internal
internal audit
audit organization
organization structures,
structures, policies
policies and
and procedures,
procedures, methodologies,
methodologies, toolkits,
toolkits, and
and templates.
templates. Demonstrates
Demonstrates thorough
thorough abilities
abilities to
to perform
perform the
the following
following as
as it
it relates
relates to
to governance,
governance, risk
risk management,
management, and
and compliance
compliance strategy,
strategy, organization,
organization, policy
policy and
and governance:
governance: program
program evaluation,
evaluation, risk
risk assessment,
assessment, controls
controls identification
identification and
and testing,
testing, industry
industry specific
specific regulatory
regulatory compliance
compliance (e.g.,
(e.g., Solvency
Solvency II,
II, Basel,
Basel, Dodd-Frank,
Dodd-Frank, FDIC
FDIC etc.),
etc.), Sarbanes-Oxley,
Sarbanes-Oxley, Model
Model Audit
Audit Rule,
Rule, Internal
Internal Audit,
Audit, and/or
and/or Risk
Risk Management.
Management. Demonstrates
Demonstrates thorough
thorough abilities
abilities to
to identify
identify and
and address
address client
client needs:
needs: actively
actively participating
participating in
in client
client discussions
discussions and
and meetings;
meetings; communicating
communicating a
a broad
broad range
range of
of Firm
Firm services;
services; managing
managing engagements
engagements including
including preparing
preparing concise,
concise, accurate
accurate documents
documents and
and balancing
balancing project
project economics
economics management
management with
with the
the occurrence
occurrence of
of unanticipated
unanticipated issues.
issues. Demonstrates
Demonstrates thorough
thorough abilities
abilities as
as a
a team
team member:
member: creating
creating a
a positive
positive environment
environment by
by monitoring
monitoring workloads
workloads of
of the
the team
team while
while meeting
meeting client
client expectations
expectations and
and respecting
respecting the
the work-life
work-life quality
quality of
of team
team members;
members; providing
providing candid,
candid, meaningful
meaningful feedback
feedback in
in a
a timely
timely manner;
manner; and
and keeping
keeping leadership
leadership informed
informed of
of progress
progress and
and issues.
issues. Demonstrates
Demonstrates thorough
thorough abilities
abilities to
to create
create business
business requirements
requirements documents,
documents, system
system configuration
configuration documents,
documents, detailed
detailed functional/technical
functional/technical design
design documents,
documents, test
test plans
plans and
and test
test cases,
cases, user
user training
training documents
documents and
and implementation
implementation documentation
documentation as
as necessary
necessary Job
Job ID:
ID: 65242BR-0
